Gigamon (ECOINT-9) (#2356)
DataDog/integrations-extras: gigamon/README.md

# Gigamon

## Overview

> [Gigamon][1]  Application Metadata Intelligence empowers your Observability, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), and Network Performance Monitoring tools with critical metadata attributes across thousands of business, consumer, and IT applications and services. Get deep application visibility to rapidly pinpoint performance bottlenecks, quality issues, and potential network security risks. Gigamon's Application Metadata Intelligence (AMI) helps you monitor and manage complex digital applications for your digital transformation initiatives. This can be achieved through the Gigamon Solution by sending the AMI metadata to Datadog. Some benefits to highlight are Rich Actionable Insights, Boost Security Posture etc.

Reviewer: Can you include what your integration is specifically monitoring and sending to Datadog?

Author: It was already mentioned that it collects the metadata(in json) to datadog.  Please let me know if you are expecting any ?

> For more information, [contact][6] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Support is already mentioned below

1. Once you have the AMX installed in your environment, Create a Monitoring Session  in [FM] [3]. 
2. Edit the exporter and provide required fields as shown below:
    a. Alias : Name of the Exporter (String )
    b. Ingestor : Provide Port as "514" and Type as "ami"
    c. Cloud Tool Exports: Create new exporter tool by selecting '+' and add details as shown in the below diagram 
    ![1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/gigamon/images/images/gigamon1.png)
    ![2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/gigamon/images/images/gigamon2.png)
    

## Data Collected

### Metadata Attributes

> Gigamon deep packet inspection extracts 7500+ application metadata attributes & forwards to Datadog. Gigamon Application Metadata Protobook provides a complete list of supported protocols and their attributes. These protocols can also be viewed as groups by Tags, Family and Classification method.

Reviewer: What type of data is sent to Datadog?

Author: Added those details. Thanks

# Gigamon

## Overview

> [Gigamon][1]  Application Metadata Intelligence empowers your Observability, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), and Network Performance Monitoring tools with critical metadata attributes across thousands of business, consumer, and IT applications and services. Get deep application visibility to rapidly pinpoint performance bottlenecks, quality issues, and potential network security risks. Gigamon's Application Metadata Intelligence (AMI) helps you monitor and manage complex digital applications for your digital transformation initiatives. This can be achieved through the Gigamon Solution by sending the AMI metadata to Datadog. Some benefits to highlight are Rich Actionable Insights, Boost Security Posture etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Gigamon][1]  Application Metadata Intelligence (AMI) empowers your Observability, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), and Network Performance Monitoring tools with critical metadata attributes across thousands of business, consumer, and IT applications and services. Get deep application visibility to quickly pinpoint performance bottlenecks, quality issues, and potential network security risks. Gigamon's AMI helps you monitor and manage complex digital applications for your digital transformation initiatives. This can be achieved through the Gigamon Solution by sending the AMI metadata to Datadog. Some benefits to highlight are Rich Actionable Insights, Boost Security Posture, etc.
```

## Setup

> Gigamon Sends AMI metadata [AMX][2] to the Datadog API using http post. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gigamon sends AMI metadata [AMX][2] to the Datadog API using HTTP `POST`. 
```

### Installation

> GigaVUE V Series Node is a virtual machine running in the customer's infrastructure which processes and distributes network traffic.  Gigamon Application Metadata Exporter (AMX) application converts the output from the Application Metadata Intelligence (AMI) in CEF format into JSON format and sends it to Datadog. The AMX application can be deployed only on a V Series Node and can be connected to Application Metadata Intelligence running on a physical node or a virtual machine. The AMX application and the AMI are managed by GigaVUE-FM. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GigaVUE V Series Node is a virtual machine running in the customer's infrastructure which processes and distributes network traffic. Gigamon Application Metadata Exporter (AMX) converts the output from the AMI in CEF format into JSON and sends it to Datadog. The AMX application can be deployed only on a V Series Node and can be connected to AMI running on a physical node or a virtual machine. The AMX application and the AMI are managed by GigaVUE-FM. 
```

> 1. Once you have the AMX installed in your environment, Create a Monitoring Session  in [FM] [3]. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After you install AMX in your environment, create a monitoring session in [FM][3]. 
```

> 2. Edit the exporter and provide required fields as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Edit the exporter and provide the following required fields:
```

>     a. Alias : Name of the Exporter (String )
>     b. Ingestor : Provide Port as "514" and Type as "ami"
>     c. Cloud Tool Exports: Create new exporter tool by selecting '+' and add details as shown in the below diagram 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    a. Alias: Name of the exporter (String).
    b. Ingestor: Specify the Port as "514" and Type as "ami".
    c. Cloud Tool Exports: Create a new exporter tool by selecting '+' and add details as shown in the following diagram:
```

    ![1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/gigamon/images/images/gigamon1.png)
    ![2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/gigamon/images/images/gigamon2.png)
    

## Data Collected

### Metadata Attributes

> Gigamon deep packet inspection extracts 7500+ application metadata attributes & forwards to Datadog. Gigamon Application Metadata Protobook provides a complete list of supported protocols and their attributes. These protocols can also be viewed as groups by Tags, Family and Classification method. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gigamon deep packet inspection extracts 7500+ application metadata attributes and forwards them to Datadog. Gigamon Application Metadata Protobook provides a complete list of supported protocols and their attributes. These protocols can also be viewed as groups by Tags, Family, and Classification method. 
```

> Gigamon Application Metadata Exporter (AMX) application converts the output from the Application Metadata Intelligence (AMI) in CEF format into JSON format and sends it to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gigamon AMX converts the output from the AMI in CEF format into JSON and sends it to Datadog.
```
